---
toc: true
layout: post
title: FRQ Prep for AP Exam Notes 
description: Yassy 
courses: { csse: {week: 4}, csp: {week: 4, categories: [4.A]}, csa: {week: 5}}
categories: [C1.0, C1.1, C1.2, C1.3, C1.4, C1.5, C1.6]
type: tangibles
---

2019 - FRQ 2: Classes (Tay)
- implementation of a fitness tracking system that is represented by the StepTracker class.
- has java output 

2022 - FRQ 2: Classes (Ethan T)

- The getBookInfo method, when called on a Textbook, returns a string that also includes the edition information, as shown in the example.
- Information about the book title and price must be maintained in the Book class. Information about the edition must be maintained in the Textbook class.
- The Textbook class contains an additional method, canSubstituteFor, which returns true if a Textbook is a valid substitute for another Textbook and returns false otherwise.
- The current Textbook is a valid substitute for the Textbook referenced by the parameter of the canSubstituteFor method if the two Textbook objects have the same title and if the edition of the current Textbook is greater than or equal to the edition of the parameter.

2019 - FRQ 2: 2D Arrays (Raymond)
- changed the i and j in the loops to be named row and col because it makes it easier to read and understand in the array
- use the Math.random object instead of the Random class
- instead of breaking or continuing a loop and creating a label, add a boolean that determines whether the elements in the column are already ordered. 

2021 - FRQ 1 (Ethan Z)
Calculate points 
- Write the getScore method, which returns the score for the most recently played game. Each game consists of three levels. The score for the game is computed using the following helper methods.
- The isBonus method of the Game class returns true if this is a bonus game and returns false otherwise.
- The goalReached method of the Level class returns true if the goal has been reached on a particular level and returns false otherwise.
- the getPoints method of the Level class returns the number of points recorded on a particular level. Wether or not recorded points are earned (included in the game score) depends on the rules of the game, which follow.

Anthony 
- 



